Simpler setup (#191)
ai2cm/pace: README.md

# Pace

> **WARNING** This repo is under active development and relies on code and data that is not publicly available at this point.

> Pace port of the FV3 model with physics. The project at the top-leve contains directories with each component of the model, including the dynamical core, physics, and util.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pace port of the FV3 model with physics. The project at the top-level contains directories with each component of the model, including the dynamical core, physics, util, and dsl tools shared among all components.
```

![Graph of interdependencies of Pace modules, generated from dependences.dot](./dependencies.svg)

### Installing

The easiest way to install the model is to create a virtual environment for it and install each component into that. This could be done with:

```shell
$ python -m venv pace-venv        # Create the virtual environment
$ source pace-venv/bin/activate   # Activate it in the shell
$ cat install.sh                  # Always check scripts before executing them!
$ ./install.sh                    # Script installs all components into the current env
```

### Dynamical core tests

> To run dynamical core tests, first get the test data from inside `fv3core` or `fv3gfs-physics` directory, then run the tests

Reviewer: Maybe say by default this will pull `c12_6ranks_standard`, which is the only one currently publicly available? Also, have we made the open buket?
